README.md, before:

# HOPEBot
The HOPE CoreBot usually running at @corebot:hope.net

## Setup
Install and configure PostgreSQL. Create a `hopebot` Linux user.
In `psql`:
```sql
CREATE ROLE hopebot LOGIN;
CREATE DATABASE hopebot OWNER hopebot;
```
Create a virtualenv for maubot and install it from `pip`, then configure and and start it.
Configure `mbc` by putting in it `{"default_server":"http://localhost:29316"}` and running `mbc login`
Authenticate maubot to Matrix with `mbc auth --update-client`
Clone this repository, and with the virtualenv active, from inside this folder run `mbc build --upload`
From the web panel, configure the maubot client and create an Instance for this plugin, then configure it.

## Usage
Users can:
- Redeem tokens by just sending them to the bot
- Use the only user level command, `!help`

For bot owners, the following commands are available:
- `!adminhelp` - Links to this document
- `!stats` - Show count of loaded and redeemed tokens
- `!load_tokens hope.csv attendee [clear]` - Load another set of tokens,
  optionally truncating the table first
- `!mark_unused token|hash` - Allow the token to be used again
- `!token_info token|hash` - Show who redeemed a token and when
- `!sync_talks` - Synchronize scheduled talks to rooms

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome. They must be licensed under EUPL-1.2, linted with `flake8`, formatted with
`black`, type-hinted where possible, and tested.

Commit message:

Respond to pretalx links with room links

README.md, after:

# HOPEBot
The HOPE CoreBot usually running at @corebot:hope.net

## Setup
Install and configure PostgreSQL. Create a `hopebot` Linux user.
In `psql`:
```sql
CREATE ROLE hopebot LOGIN;
CREATE DATABASE hopebot OWNER hopebot;
```
Create a virtualenv for maubot and install it from `pip`, then configure and and start it.
Configure `mbc` by putting in it `{"default_server":"http://localhost:29316"}` and running `mbc login`
Authenticate maubot to Matrix with `mbc auth --update-client`
Clone this repository, and with the virtualenv active, from inside this folder run `mbc build --upload`
From the web panel, configure the maubot client and create an Instance for this plugin, then configure it.

## Usage
Users can:
- Redeem tokens by just sending them to the bot
- Find the room for a talk by sending the pretalx link to the bot
- Use the only user level command, `!help`

For bot owners, the following commands are available:
- `!adminhelp` - Links to this document
- `!stats` - Show count of loaded and redeemed tokens
- `!load_tokens hope.csv attendee [clear]` - Load another set of tokens,
  optionally truncating the table first
- `!mark_unused token|hash` - Allow the token to be used again
- `!token_info token|hash` - Show who redeemed a token and when
- `!sync_talks` - Synchronize scheduled talks to rooms

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome. They must be licensed under EUPL-1.2, linted with `flake8`, formatted with
`black`, type-hinted where possible, and tested.
